a bit of structure and content cmd_wrapper for extensions (#2755)
conan-io/docs: reference/extensions/command_wrapper.rst

.. _reference_extensions_command_wrapper:

Command wrapper
---------------

> The ``cmd_wrapper.py`` extension plugin is a Python scripts that receive the command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``cmd_wrapper.py`` extension plugin is a Python script that receives the command line
```

argument provided by ``self.run()`` recipe calls, and allows intercepting them and returning
a new one. 

This plugin must be located in the ``extensions/plugins`` cache folder, and can be installed

> with the ``conan config install`` command.

Reviewer: If the others can also be installed via conan config I would also mention it

Author: What do you mean?

Reviewer: Sorry, nevermind, I was thinking about the commands and deploy folders, but they are not explained here.

For example:

.. code-block:: python

    def cmd_wrapper(cmd):
        return 'echo "{}"'.format(cmd)

Would just intercept the commands and display them to terminal, which means that all commmands

> in all recipes ``self.run()`` will not execute, but just be echoed.

Reviewer 2: that's `--dry-run`, more or less, but what if I want both execute and display them into the terminal?

A more common use case would be the injection of a parallelization tools over some commands,
which could look like:

.. code-block:: python

    def cmd_wrapper(cmd):
        # lets paralellize only CMake invocations
        if cmd.startswith("cmake"):

>             return 'parallel-build "{}"  --parallel-argument'.format(cmd)

Reviewer 2: it will work only if `cmake` is executed by its name, but not if it's executed by full path (like `/usr/bin/cmake`)
also, how about providing some more real and useful example (e.g. passing `-j {cpu_count}` on the cmake command line?)

Author: That is up to the user, we don't enter here all the possible use cases, the interface is super simple and clear enough.
